[Applause]
very nice and thanks for joining us as
we gear up for the big event tomorrow
live from Congress the Robert Muller
show at the former Special Counsel at
long last will appear before the House
Judiciary and intelligence committees
tomorrow to answer questions about his
report on collusion Palooza and more
tomorrow the witch hunter becomes the
witch hunted in Congress but we did get
some clarity on what he may or more
likely may not say basically he's
allowed to answer questions about
anything as long as we already know it
or don't care about it so the Justice
Department has instructed Robert Muller
to quote remain within boundaries which
is that necessary I mean he seems to me
like Robert molars like the kind of guy
who uses the dividers and the grocery
store checkout line even when there's
nobody behind so the president weighed
in on this he rode highly conflicted
Robert Muller should not be given
another bite at the Apple in the end it
will be bad for him and the phony
Democrats in Congress who've done
nothing but waste time on this
ridiculous which on result of the Muller
report no collusion no obstruction if he
type it in big letters it makes it true
at 8:30 a.m. trump initially told the
reporters he would not watch any of it
and then he said he might watch part of
it which means he will watch all of it
so this is something I'm surprised the
president hasn't tweeted about yet there
are reports that his Commerce Secretary
Wilbur Ross has been sleeping on the job
a lot great insiders say that at
meetings the secretary frequently nods
off sometimes he and Ben Carson even
curl up in each other's arms like like
two adorable kittens but this is Wilbur
Ross you may know him as the bad guy
they unmasked at the end of every Scooby
Doo he's 81 years old
which is actually pretty young for a
Wilbur but as spokesperson for the
Commerce Department said secretary Ross
is a tireless worker who is the sole
decision maker at the department and
let's take a look at some of his his
tirelessness then if we will and
commerce to inspire man Wilbur Ross is
Betsy's dad hey speaking of effective
public servants Sarah Huckabee Sanders
who left her job as White House press
secretary in June is said to be
pondering a run for governor in her home
state of Arkansas which makes sense her
dad was governor of Arkansas for 11
years they couldn't do worse than him so
the election the election isn't until
2022 but they're already printing
posters and I like I have to say them
they really off to a strong start
not only do they have a poster they have
a commercial to the people of Arkansas
deserve a governor with a plan a plan to
address the issues Arkansas xian's care
most about like education I'll have to
get back to you on that one
job creation I'm not gonna get into
those details health care not we happy
to check into it talk about a leader who
is not afraid to lay down the law and
have to talk to our legislative affairs
team and get back to you on specifics of
those details Sara Huckabee Sanders the
candidate who we'll get back to you on
that they provide we're not sure but
we'll look into it and so go back in the
United Kingdom as of tomorrow they'll
have a new prime minister and this is
exciting because the first time the UK
has ever had a prime minister who looks
like he smoked methane and RV's dumpster
this is really the part Minister
president Trump offered his well wishes
the incoming PM as did his daughter
Ivanka who wrote congratulations Boris
Johnson on becoming the next prime
minister of the United Kingdom well you
know they say the orange doesn't fall
far from the tree so put the photo of
barse Johnson back up because it's
almost as if Trump is selling franchises
of himself now it they do have a lot in
common they both enjoy sports they both
have beautiful flowing blonde hair and
they both take Patriot is a very very
seriously
England basically elected the Jim Carrey
to our Jeff Daniels and now both our
countries are led by a Johnson so hey
this is good this is um hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel and this is the Internet I made
it myself
hit subscribe if you like it